Slider control (#761)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/slider/styling/ticks-styling.md

---
title: Ticks Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI Slider Documentation - Ticks Styling

> description: Review the styling options that the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Slider control provides for its ticks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to style the ticks of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Slider. Set the size and style ticks within and outside of the range track differently.
```

 * `OutOfRangeTickColor`(`Color`)&mdash;Defines the color of the ticks shown outside of the range track.
 * `TickThickness`(`double`)&mdash;Defines the width of the ticks.
 * `InRangeTickStyle`(`Style`)&mdash;Defines a custom style for the ticks shown along the range track.
 * `OutOfRangeTickStyle`(`Style`)&mdash;Defines a custom style for the ticks shown outside of the range track.
 * `TickLength`(`double`)&mdash;Defines the custom length of the ticks.
 * `TicksStyleSelector`(`Telerik.Maui.Controls.IStyleSelector`)&mdash;Defines a selector that can apply different styles to ticks according to custom logic.

## Tick Styles Example

The following example demonstrates how to use the described styling properties to style the Slider's ticks:

**1.** Add a custom style with `TargetType` set to `RadBorder` to the page's resources:

<snippet id='slider-ticksttyling-styles' />

**2.** Apply the custom styles to the Slider:

<snippet id='slider-ticksttyling-xaml' />

![Telerik Slider for .NET MAUI Ticks Styling](images/slider-ticks-styling.png)

## TickStyleSelector Example

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `TicksStyleSelector` set two different styles for the major and minor ticks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the `TicksStyleSelector` to set two different styles for the major and minor ticks:
```
